every year at the super bowl they have
an opening night where members of the
media get to talk to the players from
both teams and every year
ever since my cousin cell was banned
from this event for dressing up like a
kicker from one of the teams
we sent guillermo to cover it and this
year was no exception and here is
guillermo
at the super bowl surprise it's me
mommy and minnesota for super bowl 52
for me today
and i gotta talk to some football
players let's go
i'm okay let's go
here it is that's the coach right there
his name is bill
balashev because why did the coach went
to the bank
i don't know to go get his quarterback
he's gonna be on tv as for me
[Laughter]
you have one of the greatest smiles sir
you should smile more often
hey coach why are you not so grumpy like
the other coach
i don't know whose question you stumped
me on that one
chuck can you say three nice things
about the other team
um no hey when it comes to football
it's more about the x's or the old
hey danny you guys win every year you
don't think you should give a chance to
somebody else
we're trying to win it every year bro
well why
i don't know it's like a crazy twitch we
have
hey tom tom tom how are you
you're back another year yeah how are
you congratulations again
thank you hey how do you get you you
your teeth so white
i tell you i need to get them whiter how
do i do that oh i don't know i
i think maybe drinking soda or tequila
yeah i love tequila me too one more
quite
hands hotel heads always me too
hey my friend your name is blunt that's
a cool name
so when people tackle you are they
hitting the blocks
i don't know what that means you're not
feeling me
he's not feeling me at all is it true
that giselle is gonna be in that
and the new movie is sex in the cd3
[Laughter]
everybody wants to know oh she's pretty
sexy though
yeah she's beautiful nice that's my wife
man what are you talking about
hey brandon hey brandon you your name is
cook and this is tom brady's cookbook
can you sign it for me you want me to
say it yeah
some good meals in this book hey are you
in tinder
huh no no i just got this
tom tom brady cookbook can you sign it
for me no
why hey james why are you so angry
can i give you a hug for a good luck can
you give me a hug
do you guys want to win on sunday yeah
all right let me get
thank you good enough can you find ken
brady's cookbook i just got it
can you sign it for me absolutely for
you of course
what's your favorite recipe you know i
haven't i haven't read through it yet
why i haven't oh my god he's gonna be so
mad at you
my favorite one everybody's saying that
okay are you sure
except coach billy oh yeah he might
about to say i don't know if he gonna
sign it right now
coach bill can you sign my tomb brady
cookbook everybody's yeah when i get
donald's on it yeah
no right now here it's a little patient
buddy
i'll sign it it's an interview i gotta
go i gotta go to a restaurant well go
ahead and go there
you know you might be surprised no i
just need your signature
i'll sign when i get done with the
interview okay this is an autograph
session it's an interview session you
got it
great next hey tom
tom can you sign my cookbook you bought
that
yeah can you sign it for me of course i
can hey can you pass it to him please
you said that was your cookbook yeah
no it's your cookbook to guillermo
i'm just gonna sign my name man it's
gonna take like 10 minutes to write
g you you could write it on there
yourself
all right that'll be very unique all
right thank you tom
hey nick uh have you read tom's grading
new book
your cookbook i'm sure i'm sure it's a
great book i have not read it though
you know they say that you're not a good
quarterback until you come with a
with a cookbook uh i guess i'm on the
cookbook so that means
you know i don't know your attention
please the media session
has concluded remember you say you're
gonna sign my book
thank you
thank you coach can i give you a hug for
good luck
there you go i'll give you a hug for
good luck i'm good
thank you good luck well that's it from
minnesota
everybody signed my book tom bill
belichick until next time
bye
what the man
very well done thank you
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this youtube video
click subscribe to help me escape